Update documentation (#173)
openownership/visualisation-tool: docs/spec.md

   - If the object has `recordType` 'relationship', filter out all objects in the `interests` array where `endDate` <= T.

### Processing objects to render visual features
In the following tables, a feature may span multiple rows. In these cases, the conditions of the fields and their values in ALL the rows must be met in order for the feature to be rendered.
#### Person Nodes

| Feature | BODS 0.4 field | Value(s) | Required field? | BODS 0.2/0.3 field | Value(s) | Required field? |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Basic node drawn | `recordType` | 'person' | yes | `statementType` | 'personStatement' | yes |
| | `recordStatus` | Not 'closed' | no | | | |
| Node label drawn (default is 'Unknown person') | `recordDetails.names[]`\* | Value of 'fullName' or compound of other field values in name object | no | `names[]`* | Value of 'fullName' or compound of other field values in name object | no |
| Node icon drawn (default is unknown person icon) | `recordDetails.personType` | 'anonymousPerson', 'unknownPerson' or 'knownPerson' | no | `personType` | 'anonymousPerson', 'unknownPerson' or 'knownPerson' | no |

> | Country flag drawn (default is no flag) | `recordDetails.nationalities[0].code` | The 2-letter country code (ISO 3166-1) or the subdivision code (ISO 3166-2) for the jurisdiction | no | `nationalities[0].code | The 2-letter country code (ISO 3166-1) or the subdivision code (ISO 3166-2) for the jurisdiction | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Country flag drawn (default is no flag) | `recordDetails.nationalities[0].code` | The 2-letter country code (ISO 3166-1) or the subdivision code (ISO 3166-2) for the jurisdiction | no | `nationalities[0].code` | The 2-letter country code (ISO 3166-1) or the subdivision code (ISO 3166-2) for the jurisdiction | no |
```

| Unspecified node drawn and connected as subject with label 'Unspecified' | `recordDetails.subject` | `type` is object | no | `subject` | `type` is object | no |
| Unknown node drawn and connected as interested party | `recordDetails.interestedParty` field is missing or `interestedParty` is not a `recordId` string matching a connectable node | n/a | no | `interestedParty` field is missing or `interestedParty` is not a `statementId` string matching a connectable node | n/a | no |
| Unknown node drawn and connected as subject | `recordDetails.subject` field is missing or `subject` is not a `recordId` string matching a connectable node | n/a | no | `subject` field is missing or `subject` is not a `statementId` string matching a connectable node | n/a | no |
| Edge line added: purple with 'owns' label (default is dotted) | `recordDetails.interests[].interestType` | At least one interest has `interestType` in the 'ownership' category** | no | `interests[].interestType` | At least one interest has `interestType` in the 'ownership' category** | no |

> | ...line is made solid | `recordDetails.interests[].directOrIndirect` | At least one interest in the 'ownership' category** and has value `direct` | no | `interests[].interestLevel` (BODS v0.2) or `interests[].directOrIndirect` (BODS v0.3) | At least one interest in the 'ownership' category** and has value `direct` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ...line is made solid | `recordDetails.interests[].directOrIndirect` | At least one interest in the 'ownership' category** has value 'direct' | no | `interests[].interestLevel` (BODS v0.2) or `interests[].directOrIndirect` (BODS v0.3) | At least one interest in the 'ownership' category** has value 'direct' | no |
```

| Edge line added: light blue with 'controls' label (default is dotted) | `recordDetails.interests[].interestType` | At least one interest has `interestType` in the 'control' category** | no | `interests[].interestType` | At least one interest has `interestType` in the 'control' category** | no |

> | ...line is made solid | `recordDetails.interests[].directOrIndirect` | At least one interest in the 'control' category** and has value `direct` | no | `interests[].interestLevel` (BODS v0.2) or `interests[].directOrIndirect` (BODS v0.3) | At least one interest in the 'control' category** and has value `direct` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ...line is made solid | `recordDetails.interests[].directOrIndirect` | At least one interest in the 'control' category** has value 'direct' | no | `interests[].interestLevel` (BODS v0.2) or `interests[].directOrIndirect` (BODS v0.3) | At least one interest in the 'control' category** has value 'direct' | no |
```

> | Black edge is made solid | `recordDetails.interests[].directOrIndirect` | At least one interest not in the 'ownership' or 'control' category** and has value `direct` | no | `interests[].interestLevel` (BODS v0.2) or `interests[].directOrIndirect` (BODS v0.3) | At least one interest not in the 'ownership' or 'control' category** and has value `direct` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Black edge is made solid | `recordDetails.interests[].directOrIndirect` | At least one interest not in the 'ownership' or 'control' category** has value 'direct' | no | `interests[].interestLevel` (BODS v0.2) or `interests[].directOrIndirect` (BODS v0.3) | At least one interest not in the 'ownership' or 'control' category** has value 'direct' | no |
```

> | Thickness of 'owns' and 'controls' lines (plus label containing value, where it exists) | `recordDetails.interests[].share`, if `interestType` is `shareholding` or `votingRights` | Exact value takes precedence over a min-max range | no | `recordDetails.interests[].share`, if `interestType` is `shareholding` or `votingRights` | Exact value takes precedence over a min-max range | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Thickness of 'owns' and 'controls' lines (plus label containing value, where it exists) | `recordDetails.interests[].share`, if `interestType` is 'shareholding' or 'votingRights' | Exact value takes precedence over a min-max range | no | `recordDetails.interests[].share`, if `interestType` is 'shareholding' or 'votingRights' | Exact value takes precedence over a min-max range | no |
```
